Updated text to GoCardless (#254)
actualbudget/docs: docs/advanced/bank-sync.md

### Supported Providers

GoCardless

### GoCardless Setup

**Create SECRET and KEY for Actual**

> 1. Create an account with GoCardless - https://gocardless.com/
> 2. Log into your account dashboard page and select **User secrets** from the left side menu - https://ob.gocardless.com/user-secrets/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an account with GoCardless - https://bankaccountdata.gocardless.com/overview/
2. Log into your account dashboard page and select **User secrets** from the left side menu - https://ob.gocardless.com/user-secrets/
```

The dashboard URL for GoCardless is `https://bankaccountdata.gocardless.com/`, and you sign up in the same place.

![](/static/img/connecting-your-bank/connecting-your-bank-nordigen-01.png)

> 

Reviewer: I can't comment on it apparently (grr, GitHub,) but the actual button is `+ Create New`,  and the top right `Create new Secrets` no longer exists.

### Supported Providers

GoCardless

### GoCardless Setup

**Create SECRET and KEY for Actual**

1. Create an account with GoCardless - https://bankaccountdata.gocardless.com/overview/

> 2. Log into your account dashboard page and select **User secrets** from the left side menu - https://ob.gocardless.com/user-secrets/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log into your account dashboard at the same URL and select **User secrets** from the left side menu
```
